.TH lighttpd2-worker "8" "2010-08-24" "" ""
.
.SH NAME
lighttpd \- a fast, secure and flexible web server
.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBlighttpd2-worker\fP [\fB\-ltvh\fP] \fB\-c\fP \fIconfigfile\fP [\fB\-m\fP \fImoduledir\fP]
.
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBlighttpd\fP (pronounced 'lighty') is an advanced HTTP daemon that aims
to be secure, fast, compliant and very flexible.  It has been optimized for
high performance.  Its feature set includes, but is not limited to, FastCGI,
CGI, basic and digest HTTP authentication, output compression, URL rewriting.
.PP
This manual page only lists the command line arguments.  For details
on how to configure \fBlighttpd\fP and its modules see the online documentation:
http://redmine.lighttpd.net/projects/lighttpd2/wiki
.PP
You probably want to use the angel instead of this application: lighttpd2(8)
.
.SH OPTIONS
The following options are supported:
.TP 8
\fB\-c, --config\ \fP \fIconfigfile\fP
Load configuration file \fIconfigfile\fP.
.TP 8
\fB\-l, --lua\fP
Interpret the configuration file as lua script.
.TP 8
\fB\-m, --module-dir\ \fP \fImoduledir\fP
Use
\fImoduledir\fP
as the directory that contains modules, instead of the default.
.TP 8
\fB\-t, --test\fP
Test the configuration file for errors and exit.
.TP 8
\fB\-v, --version\fP
Show version and exit.
.TP 8
\fB\-h, --help, -?\fP
Show a brief help message and exit.
.
.SH SEE ALSO
Online Documentation: http://redmine.lighttpd.net/projects/lighttpd2/wiki
.PP
spawn-fcgi(1), lighttpd2(8)
.
.SH AUTHOR
Jan Kneschke <jan@kneschke.de>
.PP
Stefan Buehler <stbuehler@web.de>
.PP
Thomas Porzelt <tp@cryosphere.de>
